docs/script.rst, before:

:program:`smtp2gs`
==================

.. program:: send_profile

Synopsis
--------

   :program:`send_profile` [:option:`-h`] [:option:`-c` <CONFIG>] [:option:`-i` <INSTANCE>] :option:`url`

Description
-----------

:program:`send_profile` sends the monthly profile-status
notification out to all the people with profiles in a GroupServer
instance. Normally it is called by :manpage:`cron(8)`.

Positional Arguments
--------------------

.. option:: url

  The URL for the GroupServer site.

Optional Arguments
------------------

.. option:: -h, --help

  Show a help message and exit

.. option:: -c <CONFIG>, --config <CONFIG>

  The name of the GroupServer :doc:`config` (default
  :file:`{INSTANCE_HOME}/etc/gsconfig.ini`) that contains the
  token that will be used to authenticate the script when it
  tries to add the email to the site.

.. option:: -i <INSTANCE>, --instance <INSTANCE>

  The identifier of the GroupServer instance configuration to use
  (default ``default``).

Returns
=======

:program:`send_profile` returns ``0`` on success, or a non-zero
value on an error (following the convention specified in
:file:`/usr/include/sysexits.h`).

Commit message:

Adding a throttle argument to the script.

docs/script.rst, after:

:program:`sendprofile`
======================

.. program:: sendprofile

Synopsis
--------

   :program:`sendprofile` [:option:`-h`] [:option:`-c` <CONFIG>] [:option:`-i` <INSTANCE>] [:option:`-t` <TIME>] [:option:`-v`] :option:`url`

Description
-----------

:program:`sendprofile` sends the monthly profile-status
notification out to all the people with profiles in a GroupServer
instance. Normally it is called by :manpage:`cron(8)`.

Positional Arguments
--------------------

.. option:: url

  The URL for the GroupServer site.

Optional Arguments
------------------

.. option:: -h, --help

  Show a help message and exit

.. option:: -c <CONFIG>, --config <CONFIG>

  The name of the GroupServer :doc:`config` (default
  :file:`{INSTANCE_HOME}/etc/gsconfig.ini`) that contains the
  token that will be used to authenticate the script when it
  tries to add the email to the site.

.. option:: -i <INSTANCE>, --instance <INSTANCE>

  The identifier of the GroupServer instance configuration to use
  (default ``default``).

.. option:: -v, --verbose

   Turn on verbose output (default is silent).

.. option:: -t <TIME>, --throttle <TIME>

  The time (in seconds) to pause when the notifications is
  successfully sent (default ``0``). For large sites sending the
  notification can be computationally expensive, and adding a
  throttle allows other requests to be processed by the server.

Returns
=======

:program:`sendprofile` returns ``0`` on success, or a non-zero
value on an error (following the convention specified in
:file:`/usr/include/sysexits.h`).
